fix: map not centered after zoom (#652)
mendix/web-widgets: packages/pluggableWidgets/maps-web/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> -   We fixed an issue where map not centered after automatically zoom into a marker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   We fixed an issue where the map was not centred after automatically zooming into a marker. Now, after zooming, the marker will be put in the centre of the map.
```
